add risk level widget documentation info (#1162)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/report/dashboards.md

2. Click on `Delete this dashboard`

The Default Dashboard cannot be deleted.

## Risk Level Widget

The Risk Level Widget shows the risk level of your infrastructure based on your alerts.

The risk level is computed by entity. The maximum risk level is then considered to be the community risk level.

All the pending, acknowledged, or ongoing alerts seen in the last 30 days are taken into consideration to calculate the risk level.
Then, for each alert, we apply some weighting based on the urgency, occurrence, and date of the alert.
The goal is to give more importance to the more recent, urgent, and recurrent alerts.

> Finally, the value is normalized to provide a number between 0 and 100.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Risk Level value is normalized to provide a number between 0 and 100.
```
